#
#  This file is part of PerlTidy::SubSort.
#
#  This software is copyright (c) 2015 by Andrew Speer <andrew.speer@isolutions.com.au>.
#
#  This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
#  the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.
#
#  Full license text is available at:
#
#  <http://dev.perl.org/licenses/>
#
=encoding utf8


=head1 Name

PerlTidy::SubSort -- sort subroutines in your Perl files (.pl, .pm etc.) into alphabetical order


=head1 Synopsis

C<<< perltidy_subsort <filename> >>>


=head1 Overview

This module and associated script utility will sort subroutines in your Perl files (.pl, .pm etc.) into alphabetical order.


=head1 Installation

As per standard Perl installation procedure

    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    make test
    make install


=head1 Dependencies

This module requires the following CPAN modules:

=over

=item -

PPI


=back


=head1 Usage

    #  From command line
    perltidy_subsort foo.pm
    
    #  In Perl code
    use PerlTidy::SubSort;
    my $count_sr=PerlTidy::SubSort->subsort('foo.pm');
    print "sorted ${$count_sr} subroutines\n";

The following methods are supplied by the module:

subsort(filename)

Supply a file name for sorting. The file will be edited in place (no backup will be made). The method will return a scalar reference to the number of subroutines sorted.


=head1 Notes

Subroutines starting with an underscore character (e.g. sub _foo {}) are considered private. They are still sorted - but put after non-private subroutines.

If you do not wish a subroutine sorted (moved) place the  # no
     subsort pragma anywhere in the subroutine code block to preserve the current location order: E.g.

    sub foo { # no subsort
        my $foo=1
    }


=head1 LICENSE and COPYRIGHT

This file is part of PerlTidy::SubSort.

This software is copyright (c) 2015 by Andrew Speer <andrew.speer@isolutions.com.au>.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

Full license text is available at:
L<http://dev.perl.org/licenses/>

